when you have a planned crime you simply
go as far back as you have to random
shooting when you've got just driving
down the street and just coincidentally
some gunman sticks his arm out of it
white Cadillac and shoots the biggest
rapper in America and that's a
coincidence
the police are so proud of themselves
when they open up an investigation and
20 years later they solve it they know
that something has gone drastically
wrong and they probably know who
committed this crime that would
retaliate against them once Wheaton
brought 300 officers ten agencies
including the FBI at more than 37
locations but I'll tell you what this
happens all the time in the Middle East
sergeant Manning told me that yes young
black men get killed I see this as a
typical assassination protocol whose
idea was it to kill this person why did
they want them dead and when did they
start talking about it in his way of
worship organizations a lot of sort of
unusual things happen in the
investigation plausible deniability
could be a concept where one individual
who might be involved in a conspiracy
tells another just go ahead and do an
act and I don't want to know
if someone is intent on covering their
tracks they're going to do whatever is
necessary to make sure that's taken care
of and that can once again be through
retaliation or fear of punishment for
the crime or whatever it might be you've
got an innocent individual that comes in
to protect someone that it was his job
to protect and he's totally set up to
drop the body and like they don't always
float up in order to get a grand jury
indictment what you need is probable
cause you do not have to prove the case
beyond a reasonable doubt ask the police
officer to explain fully what the search
warrant is based upon it's a puzzle that
needs to be put together and it's like
saying how many pieces do I need to the
jigsaw puzzle to make it complete you
make it to complete when you finish the
puzzle